Speaker A: Runner's knee runner's knee is a condition.
Speaker B: Characterized by pain behind or around the kneecap.
Speaker C: It is caused by overuse, muscle imbalance and inadequate stretching.
Speaker B: Symptoms include pain under or around the kneecap, pain when walking sprained ankle one.
Speaker D: Nil here in the 37th minute she is between two guatemalan defenders and then goes down and stays down and you will see why.
Speaker C: The ligaments of the ankle holds the ankle bones and joint in position. They protect the ankle from abnormal movements such as twisting, turning and rolling of the foot.
Speaker B: A sprained ankle happens when the foot.
Speaker C: Twists, rolls or turns beyond its normal motions. If the force is too strong, the ligaments can tear.
Speaker A: Symptoms include pain and difficulty moving the.
Speaker C: Ankle, swelling around the ankle and bruising.
Speaker E: Meniscus tear I think some of it was just being scared, but this guy doesn't like you. Want to go after Patrick each of.
Speaker A: Your knees has two menisci c shaped.
Speaker C: Pieces of cartilage that act like a.
Speaker B: Cushion between your shin bone and your thigh bone.
Speaker C: A meniscus tear happens when you forcibly twist or rotate your knee, especially when putting the pressure of your full weight on it, leading to a torn meniscus.
Speaker A: Symptoms include stiffness and swelling, pain in.
Speaker B: Your knee, catching or locking of your.
Speaker C: Knee rotator cuff tear has a torn.
Speaker F: Rotator cuff cuff go be traveling to Los Angeles today to be examined by.
Speaker C: Teen doctors on the rotator cuff attaches.
Speaker B: The humerus to the shoulder blade and helps to lift and rotate your arm.
Speaker C: A rotator cuff tear is caused by.
Speaker B: A fall onto your arm or if.
Speaker C: You lift a heavy object too fast, the tendon can partially or completely tear.
Speaker B: Off of the humerus.
Speaker C: Head.
Speaker A: Symptoms include pain when lifting and.
Speaker C: Lowering your arm, weakness when lifting or rotating your arm, pain when lying on the affected shoulder.
Speaker G: ACL tear here's Rosario on the brake now and watch. Nerls go up with the left hand, block the shot, and then on landing.
Speaker C: There came the the ACL runs diagonally in the middle of the knee and provides stability.
Speaker B: Anterior cruciate ligament tear occurs when your.
Speaker A: Foot is firmly planted on the ground and a sudden force hits your knee.
Speaker C: While your leg is straight or slightly bent. This can happen when you are changing direction rapidly, slowing down when running or landing from a jump. The ligament completely tears into two pieces, making the knee unstable.
Speaker A: Symptoms include severe pain and tenderness in.
Speaker C: Knee, loss of full range of motion, swelling around the knee.
